Add busola-migrator component and redirecting logic (#10987)
kyma-project/kyma: components/busola-migrator/README.md

### Environment variables

| Variable | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **APP_PORT** | Port on which the server is listening | `80` |
| **APP_TIMEOUT_READ** | Maximum duration for reading the entire request, including the body | `30s` |
| **APP_TIMEOUT_WRITE** | Maximum duration before timing out writes of the response | `30s` |
| **APP_TIMEOUT_IDLE** | Maximum amount of time to wait for the next request when keep-alives are enabled | `120s` |
| **APP_BUSOLA_URL** | URL of the Busola cluster | `https://busola.main.hasselhoff.shoot.canary.k8s-hana.ondemand.com` |
| **APP_OIDC_ISSUER_URL** | OIDC issuer url | `https://kyma.accounts.ondemand.com` |
| **APP_OIDC_CLIENT_ID** | OIDC client id | `6667a34d-2ea0-43fa-9b13-5ada316e5393` |
| **APP_OIDC_SCOPE** | OIDC scope | `openid` |
| **APP_OIDC_USE_PKCE** | Should OIDC use PKCE | `false` |
| **APP_STATIC_FILES_DIR** | Directory to look for the static webpage to serve | `./static` |
| **OVERRIDE_BUSOLA_URL** | Optional override of url of the Busola cluster | None |
| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_ISSUER_URL** | Optional override of OIDC issuer url | None |
| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_CLIENT_ID** | Optional override of OIDC client id | None |

> | **OVERRIDE_OIDC_SCOPE** | Optional override of OIDC scope | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_SCOPE** | Optional override for the OIDC scope | None |
```

> | **OVERRIDE_OIDC_USE_PKCE** | Optional override of Should OIDC use PKCE | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_USE_PKCE** | Optional override for the use of PKCE in OIDC  | None |
```
